How did viewing a diff between two versions of a file help you see the bug that was introduced?

If you know that you made an error, but your old file is good, you have much less to check if
you use the compare.


Manual copies
dropbox (30 days for old versions)
google docs
wikipedia


How could having easy access to the entire history of a file make you a more efficient programmer in the long term?

    - You don't have to comment out old code. You can just delete it. You can always go back and get it in the old version.
    - You can find the code that breaks the program by looking at differences.



What do you think are the pros and cons of manually choosing when to create a commit, like you do in Git, 
vs having versions automatically saved, like Google Docs does?

Pros: You can do it at logical times.
      You can add comments when you commit.
  
Cons: You may not save often enough.
      Changes might not be at logical times, and the code may not work.
      No comments with automatic saves.



Why do you think some version control systems, like Git, allow saving multiple files in one commit, 
while others, like Google Docs, treat each file separately?

Google Docs (and others) is file oriented. Files are separate from each other. Git is designed to manage
software creation, where code for a program is probably in multiple parts.



How can you use the commands git log and git diff to view the history of files?

Use git log to find the particular revisions you want to look at. 
Use diff to see what has changed since the previous version.
The previous version is lower on the list.
Newer versions are higher on the list.



How might using version control make you more confident to make changes that could break something?

Since you can revert back to a previous version easily, breaking something is not a big deal. You 
just need to be sure to commit before making the change.


Now that you have your workspace set up, what do you want to try using Git for?
    -Use it for websites
    -Use it to practice
    -Learn more about version control
    




